the staff are warmly welcome to
channel for today's subject matter is
to surmise it has two attributes
two main functions to one is
reduce the volume of the violin for example
the study turbines that are only
type here that can be rubber
metal they are meant to do
less noise even to not disturb
others you need to study the night
any apartment and then you use it
this kind of coming up does not bother
so much
or the muted when used in
orchestra or a repertoire
that the objective is to change the
violin timbre make a more timbre
sweeter velvety and achieve a
different effect I'll show you
you for example try to show this
effect on the violin
for example I have here a
subordinate that this girl who only has the
change the team and not to stifle the
volume as suppose
if I put surdina mainly in the
has a very differentiated effect on the
another type of study swine
it can be debated metal as it already
I said and we put on everything
and you will see that the difference
Sound is stupid so big.
this study insulin I do not recommend
If you can not if you can
not use her help better because she
changes a little after all are the violins
they all the notes that you put
let's talk a little lower than
they really ought to be yours because of
surgery then I assumed I had to study
something we use only when we have
need you should not use
her to study because type 'if you
Are you sure you do not have any problems with?
neighbors nor the apartment then the
music comes up in a study only when there is
need
Good, I hope you liked it.
the surgeries in general costs do not know
that the existence of various
rubber are cheaper than
metal for example surge does not exist
appeared the rounds since people
buy ten real time is very cheap
even a guy but in case I think today
should cost about 50 reais per
there it is even more explosive than this
rubber but the chance of rubber
alluring enough volume but
This depends on the
need you have you do not have
need to download the student buy only
the little ones are emerging to use
in orchestras using repertoire as
ask or else these nails of study
here if you go in apartments
neighbors or Chávez these things
I hope that if I liked, forget it.
of enjoyment seen on the channel and even